site/how/index.md, before:

---
image: /images/favicon.webp
description: >-
  100% downtime and negative guarantee (this is not a joke).
---

# Guhnoo

> 100% downtime and negative guarantee (this is not a joke).

We offer some free services, please read their pages to get more information.

**ATTENTION!** Everything is super unstable until we buy needed hardware. See
[here](/donate/#crowdfunding) for the details.

## Stable

- [Email](/how/email.md) — derpy email at [mail.092918.xyz](https://mail.092918.xyz)
- [Gitea](/how/gitea.md) — Git hosting at [moonbutt.science](https://moonbutt.science)
- [Matrix](/how/matrix.md) — federative chat platform at [matrix.092918.xyz](https://matrix.092918.xyz)
- [PeerTube](/how/peertube.md) — federative YouTube-like platform at [vault.mle.party](https://vault.mle.party)
- [Shadowsocks](/how/shadowsocks.md) — proxy in socks at multiple servers

## Beta

- [Pleroma](/how/pleroma.md) — federative Twitter-like platform at [ministry.moonbutt.science](https://ministry.moonbutt.science)

## Alpha

- [LynxChan](/how/lynxchan.md) — self-hosted imageboard engine at [mle.party](https://mle.party)
- [Plume](/how/plume.md) — federative Medium-like platform at [gospel.sunbutt.faith](https://gospel.sunbutt.faith)

## Ideas and reserved domains

- sunbutt.faith — an instance of upcoming [Mobilizon](https://joinmobilizon.org)

Commit message:

Add some explanation about categories.

site/how/index.md, after:

---
image: /images/favicon.webp
description: >-
  100% downtime and negative guarantee (this is not a joke).
---

# Guhnoo

> 100% downtime and negative guarantee (this is not a joke).

We offer some free services, please read their pages to get more information.

**ATTENTION!** Everything is super unstable until we buy needed hardware. See
[here](/donate/#crowdfunding) for the details.

## Stable

Formally rock-solid and ready for production use.

- [Email](/how/email.md) — derpy email at [mail.092918.xyz](https://mail.092918.xyz)
- [Gitea](/how/gitea.md) — Git hosting at [moonbutt.science](https://moonbutt.science)
- [Matrix](/how/matrix.md) — federative chat platform at [matrix.092918.xyz](https://matrix.092918.xyz)
- [PeerTube](/how/peertube.md) — federative YouTube-like platform at [vault.mle.party](https://vault.mle.party)
- [Shadowsocks](/how/shadowsocks.md) — proxy in socks at multiple servers

## Beta

In active development and lack of some features, but usable.

- [Pleroma](/how/pleroma.md) — federative Twitter-like platform at [ministry.moonbutt.science](https://ministry.moonbutt.science)

## Alpha

Not great, not terrible. Sort of incubation period.

- [LynxChan](/how/lynxchan.md) — self-hosted imageboard engine at [mle.party](https://mle.party)
- [Plume](/how/plume.md) — federative Medium-like platform at [gospel.sunbutt.faith](https://gospel.sunbutt.faith)

## Ideas and reserved domains

- sunbutt.faith — an instance of upcoming [Mobilizon](https://joinmobilizon.org)
