site/how/matrix.md, before:

---
image: /images/favicon.webp
description: >-
  Matrix is an open standard for interoperable, decentralised, real-time
  communication over IP. It can be used to power Instant Messaging, VoIP/WebRTC
  signalling, Internet of Things communication - or anywhere you need a standard
  HTTP API for publishing and subscribing to data whilst tracking the
  conversation history.
prev: /how/gitea.md
next: /how/peertube.md
---

# Matrix

> Matrix is an open standard for interoperable, decentralised, real-time communication over IP. It can be used to power Instant Messaging, VoIP/WebRTC signalling, Internet of Things communication - or anywhere you need a standard HTTP API for publishing and subscribing to data whilst tracking the conversation history.

## Access

Public. See details below how to get access.

## Details

Your account could be registered at matrix.092918.xyz domain. To do so, please, go to [Riot.im](https://riot.im/develop) or [Ponies.im](https://ponies.im/_matrix/client/develop) (other clients aren't allowed to do registrations). You'll be asked for email verification and reCAPTCHA.

## Known issues

- Server doesn't federate attachments with t2bot.io Discord Bridge (or at all)

Commit message:

Update info at Matrix page.

site/how/matrix.md, after:

---
image: /images/favicon.webp
description: >-
  Matrix is an open standard for interoperable, decentralised, real-time
  communication over IP. It can be used to power Instant Messaging, VoIP/WebRTC
  signalling, Internet of Things communication - or anywhere you need a standard
  HTTP API for publishing and subscribing to data whilst tracking the
  conversation history.
prev: /how/gitea.md
next: /how/peertube.md
---

# Matrix

> Matrix is an open standard for interoperable, decentralised, real-time communication over IP. It can be used to power Instant Messaging, VoIP/WebRTC signalling, Internet of Things communication - or anywhere you need a standard HTTP API for publishing and subscribing to data whilst tracking the conversation history.

## Access

Public. See details below how to get access.

## Details

Your account could be registered at 092918.xyz domain. To do so, please, go to [Riot.im](https://riot.im/develop) or [Ponies.im](https://ponies.im/_matrix/client/develop) (other clients aren't allowed to do registrations). You'll be asked for email verification and reCAPTCHA.

**Tip**: type @yourname:092918.xyz in the username field while login

## Known issues

- Server doesn't federate attachments with t2bot.io Discord Bridge (or at all)
